okay so obviously something ridiculous
like fritzing and
PayPal pissing me off man you got to be
so careful I think from now on
actually we're going to use
Edge I need to use a different browser
because I just cannot have
this happen anymore
set later how about set never
[__] okay so I'm gonna I'm just going
to set this up
because now that I'm I don't know
okay so all we need to do I'm going to
turn off my
desktop and we are going to just sign in
with all this stuff so chat GPT this is
kind of all we need is chat gbt on shape
what else do we need We'll add some
along the way
but but I I just can't leak my personal
email anymore
wait hold up Edge makes every tab a
window thing for alt tabbing dude
there's got to be a way to change that
that's the most insane thing I've ever
seen okay well we'll have to look into
that this is really
annoying for
oh two Factor Authentication
oh
okay all right we're
finally okay so now I just need to
Google how to prevent
okay this might leak another email mine
so guys you don't understand being a
streamer is really hard because you have
to you have to keep a lot of things in
your head you got to think you got to
you got to think about what I'm thinking
about I'm thinking about different
things
while I'm giving you guys entertainment
I'm thinking at a high level very high
level settings what did it
say
system
[Music]
multitasking show tabs
oh three most recent tabs yeah I just
say don't show
tabs that's kind of
interesting maybe it is good but I I
can't I can't
be I can't be doing
that okay great so now streaming is just
we got on shape we got chat GPT we got
nothing else we don't even have YouTube
no
Google I don't even think I'm signed
into to a Google
account actually wait I need to check
one more
thing um
okay you know what's interesting to me
is now YouTube If you go to youtube.com
and you're like not signed in it like
doesn't give you anything
okay
um so okay so we can finally get back to
doing what it is we're actually doing
jeez that took
forever e
all right so we designed this part which
is a little fix for this Bolt
so you put the bolts in like
this and then you put
this in
here and now we have mitigated
the issue
now pretty high friction unfortunately
but that's about as good as we're going
to
get all
right what is next okay we can finally
get this thing
on pretty sure it's these inner ones
okay all
right let's turn on capture the last two
for
which is
it that
okay for
okay so we just need the vi
wait I don't think I oh yeah I did all
right so everything is almost
but oh wait
all right
this isn't going anywhere
oh I forgot to put washers washers was
what I was also planning on doing
[Music]
oh what the heck
do
okay that has got to be
tight this thing is not
moving so now we have
okay so now we need four of
those we need a
drill okay so let me get a Sharpie all
right let's just do it
all
right ready to put this thing on
okay
wait should we I'm just going to end up
all right whatever I'll just buy more
wood and build another one of these
okay I think these are the doesn't
actually say on here but I think that
these are M6 by
25 this is
four this is 28 so these are 29 n so
yeah these are M6 but
wait
M when you say M6 is that the distance
between the like
Peaks when someone says like M6 screw
does that mean that the like Peaks like
the outer part of the threads this you
know across is six or is it the inner
and The Valleys the distance between The
Valleys okay yeah so when I was
measuring I'm measuring sort of in a
little
bit right so a better way to measure
uh is like like this instead of this cuz
this you don't know where you're at but
this you can't go more than the anyway
so now you get 5.8 and it's definitely
an
M6 so now turn that off we just need two
more M6 by 25
okay so now we can put this
in
for
e e
okay okay you probably can't really tell
what's going on
but that's that's on me
in
for
for for
all
right now we got to do a
test wait should I fix this solenoid
holder and then start printing before I
do
that probably way okay so we just need
to do a quick bug
fix where I go in
here I'm kind of nervous I'm kind of I
kind of want to do uh solenoid holder V2
and do the same process that I did
before so we're going to go in
here actually you know what no I'm not
no I'm not we're just going to fix
this so
it's this
sketch and this needs to be
17.5 then
this we're going to delete this
Arc we're going to say
tangent
Arc and that's it that's the whole
thing that's the only
difference am I really gambling on the
fact that that
is two hours I mean it's even more than
that I
think just a millimeter and a half
back I mean that that's pretty
incredible that
that you know what I'm going to do I'm
going to make
it I'm going to change it so that it's
just cuz I'm a little bit worried we're
going to go back to wait what happened
with this lock
left okay is everything
good uh but what we're going to do
sketch two what is this feeder whole
diameter I'm going to change that to 26
theater Nerf
clearance oh that's kind of nice okay so
now we can go back to solenoid holder
okay
okay all right now it feels like a
little bit less of a Gamble
what
wait hold
on okay yeah just decided oh I want to
put this in um
okay I don't give a [__] it's supposed
to ask me but it didn't
a
pictures uh
3D ball shooter on
shape paste it replace it okay
now we got to go through this whole
thing again
this is better be the last time I'm
printing this freaking
part okay
all
right um awesome okay so now we can now
we can get my M micro USB cable and we
can start the test whether or not this
um that
thing will
uh will
turn and then we'll test the drones and
then we'll test this thing once it
works and then we'll design the feeder
well probably won't get to that because
or the the hopper I mean
um I'm going to get some water I'm
thirsty
for
[Music]
okay
uh okay it's time
to uh test this
um okay let me get a micro USB cable
so we don't want to plug this in quite
yet I going to take oh wait hold
on can't really see it
anymore but that's
fine okay so we
have two uh motor two stepper motor
drivers we have two electronic speed
controllers which we can which we're not
using right now so let's just take these
out we can
move
there okay this is just
[Music]
ground
um well we got to be careful with these
that they don't touch each other
though so uh
let's take
maybe I should design the full
circuit I've been meaning to do
that
okay okay so um we're going to plug in
the
um stepper
motor and
um I'm going I'm going to go get some of
my 16 gauge
wire and we're going to use that to
deliver power through this
thing okay
they
come well we can keep the other ones
wrapped I'm a big fan of these wire
kits
whoa 16 gauge wire is thick
boy this thing is tough to move okay so
let's make it maybe
like that long I need to get some
strippers
he needs to get some what did he just
say
strippers okay whatever this thing was
like
$20 um so this is 16 gauge
oh
no oh it sort
of stretches it out a little
bit okay
I'm going to I'm going to take out all
the
esc's we don't need the
esc's okay
all right so now we just have the power
supply
um the breadboard and one stepper
motor here we can move this slightly
back so maybe you'll be able to see it
turn
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa I need a screwdriver this thing is
coming
apart okay hold
on e
okay really what I need to do is
is so let's just add one to each of
these
things okay so the problem is this table
is totally falling over so we need to
add another first off I want to try to
see
if Okay so let's just
you have to pre-drill I don't think you
need to
maybe I do need a pre-drill okay so let
me just pre-drill I already got the
drill out that's what's nice about
having the tools easily accessible
man
2.5 this thing is freaking tiny man
okay so let's see if that
helps okay
what you really need are some triangles
though you need to support it
from you know where it needs to be
supported it's but whatever that's not
my problem well it is but it's not
really my problem for
okay well I
mean it's not going to make it weaker I
feel
like yeah it seems a little bit stronger
I mean that thing was totally
buckled
um okay we're finally ready to test so
let's um
okay
so what do we need to do is we just need
to run a
little
program
Pico pretty sure it's
this some this is some old code
okay okay so now I just want to do a
little test from machine import wait we
can just do this
okay so we turned on the LED we're all
good now we want to run this
code okay so I'm going to plug in the
power
supply I don't know why I'm always
afraid of plugging in the power supply
okay so now we just want to run this
code oh wait but what is the delay time
the delay time is
high oh we're going to need to
um this is
fine okay I want to be able to easily
switch on off the power
supply just because I don't like it when
it's
stalling my guess is that the pin
assignments are just
wrong cuz I hear it going so I just want
to try to
do oh nice
[Music]
okay I think I heard the
that's the problem okay so it's clear
that honestly just having a just having
the post there just like a even if
there's no nuts on this I mean it's not
going to fall off
right cuz it would need to generate
enough lift or whatever to
to pop out of
there but that is the that is like
all right so the nuts fall off like
literally
instantly e
okay
well
um I'm trying to think about like what I
would
do
otherwise for
actually do people ever use set screws
with bearings cuz Okay so let me just
draw out what I'm talking what I what I
am thinking about to replace the um so
this is going to be
um H bro that's so freaking annoying
uh this is going to be
um
there what you
can't it doesn't tell you any error
though it's it's
great
the okay
so okay so let's just wait what it
didn't do it oh my
God okay so now what we do is
uh um
what's the what's the width the depth of
the 608
bearing oh yeah it is seven I remember
that okay so you
take oh wait I kind of messed this up
okay so first you
take this and you extrude it by like
wall and insert okay but now we go to
this sketch and we want to extrude this
by
um yeah like 15 or something okay so
then oh wait no no
no um
dude why does that oh my God I'm so wall
plus bearing depth something is so goofy
about that okay you
so but so
really but so really you have
uh oh you can't
okay but really this uh
um so really you have that then you is
there a way to
insert isn't there like a standard
content insert thing or wait don't we
have to go to an
assembly okay but the whole idea is you
you put the bearing in
there you put the bearing in there and
then
so you put a bearing in there and then
you put on the inner
part you only have eight Ms
though this is this is seven I mean it
does it doesn't really make but the
problem is it's plastic I would want to
put a little piece of metal I think in
there well the issue is
that maybe what you would do
what is you would make
this well so okay so that needs to be
eight
regardless but then you would just
extrude this remove up to
next and you would just let
it but you would need a
stopper but the point of letting it go
through is that
well if you're talking about pla then
creep of like let's say these are the
plates and and you have a lot of
Shifting like this it might be able to
work its way out of there out of the
little out of the bearing
hole
um okay but I think I
I mean it has to lift itself up quite a
lot well let's test it let's it's time
to test it
so now we need to
power the two esc's so we need the esc's
and
um should I dude should I fire up
Kad oh I want to try easy Eda actually
oh they have
a really I just want to design
online does it drop you in without even
logging in
okay no yeah you got to log in it kind
of shows you what to expect but you got
to log
in
um bro I need to clear all autofill
stuff
okay e
bro just watched the video veritasium
video on two Factor SMS two Factor
authentication bro and now I'm spooked
okay what the heck
okay I guess I guess it's just
buggy dude what the hell is going
on we'll just close everything
dude what is going on bro this thing
sucks all right let's try
this actually I just want to open
it for
[Applause]
hopefully it's not like
a I'm going to change the stream too oh
wait uh I got to change the stream can I
manage broadcast actually on here
but oh wait can we
edit there's no manage stream live okay
hold
on dude you thought bro hell
no oh wait not this
I want to change this to mention easy
Eda whatever I'll do it well
yeah dude I kind of want to I kind of
want a full schematic
now actually lowkey want to order the
PCB D the assembly sounds
fun I don't know about all the
footprints
though um so how do I do this how do I
manage my stream for my phone
wait am I not live bro oh no I
am wait but how do I manage the
stream how to manage YouTube live stream
with my phone how to manage YouTube live
stream with my
phone what
wait what if I just try go live but then
I
like nobody has no idea that I'm
actually live right
now settings
okay wait I'm going to just do this go
to YouTube and see because I know that
there's that stream manager on
um on YouTube
Studio it's going to be a transition
while I get off of
chrome right so I can manage
this okay wait so what if I just go
to
studio.
youtube.com
live all right so that's what we're
going to do
whatever I I don't really care not a big
deal
um all right let's just get started
designing this
thing oh I need a log
in oh this is going to open up Chrome
crap oh for
okay
finally finally finally finally all
right we're in we're in Easy Ada
standard we're making a new project I
like that it just tells you this path
Hey look it's the project path is this
easy URL to remember that's nice I don't
know why it's nice space or R to rotate
placing an object okay nice all right so
G
no control
g contrl z doesn't seem to do anything
oh and if you're in the placing mode W
is a wire okay nice uh let's see what is
this a
bus what's the difference between a bus
and a um a
wire net flag plus 5 volts net label
what is the difference between these two
grounds I have no
idea okay so wait let's look at the
common
Library so let's just get the schematic
down yeah
yeah we just want to
pin and what do I want to call this I'll
put it as one but it's oh wait H dude
all of these softwares are so strange in
their
selection
um okay then we want a um
okay so this is going to
be wait should we just make it voltage I
forget how this all
goes control Q
okay
VCC whatever and then ground
um I don't know what the recommended way
to do this is because what it's going to
be
is terminal a terminal block a screw
screw based terminal
block
and um so what I would imagine is I'm
going to have
what like a
Pico I wonder if they just have like 40
pin Pico
like what if I just look up Pico
holder
[Music]
um well I don't want to build a breakout
board but that's effectively what I
would need to
do because
um I'm
intermediate dick
sawn full online
mode okay so here's my file
browser it doesn't show anything
now I feel like on shape could just make
a desktop app it doesn't it's it's
basically like e easy Adas where it's
literally just renders the website the
only thing that it does is give you more
control over your keyboard shortcuts cuz
then like control T could open up a new
tab or something but like that's the
only thing it
does all right
[Music]
um
so okay so let's just get the actual
circuit
down how do I just add a thing
oh wait was I in design man no I was in
common
Library
okay okay so that's fine so now what we
want to know
is um
wait can you browse Amazon without an
account wait hold on why am I still
signed in
okay
yeah
Bings
e e
should I switch to Duck Duck
Go no hell no why do I need
that
okay oh wait oh wait
right sorry I I know this is boring as
hell first
off dude it just doesn't even oh my
[__] the new dude I don't want the
new tab page oh
wait okay Jesus EDG is just cancer bro
okay I should be good right oh wait
profiles I want to sign out of the
profile great okay that's perfect that's
much better all
right wow bing.com looks like absolute
cancer
[Music]
so all right so what were we
doing oh yeah we're asking chat
gbt
um what diode do I need if I need to run
10 amps through it it's going to be it
basically it's going to it's a protector
for an 8 Amp solenoid uh for back
EMF EMF
oh yeah can we browse
Amazon oh that's so nice dude the fact
that we can browse Amazon without it oh
wait
um okay hold
on
e
e e
okay all right I think I have done
pretty much everything that I need to do
so now it says a San Francisco ZIP code
which is
nice um so now what do we need to do we
need to look up um
that
diode uh I need a flyback diode for a 8
Amp solenoid at 12 volts um what's a
good thing to pick it needs to be able
to handle you know 10 amps at
least what's a good thing to
pick for